Update live-mobile-app-testing.md (#1972)
saucelabs/sauce-docs: docs/mobile-apps/live-testing/live-mobile-app-testing.md

| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/rotate-device-icon.png')} alt="Rotate Device icon" width="35"/>                   | Rotate Device       | Rotates the device between portrait and landscape.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                          |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/home-icon.png')} alt="Home icon" width="35"/>                                     | Home                | Opens the device home screen.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |

> | <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/more-device-options-icon.png')} alt="More Device Options icon" width="35"/>       | More Device Options | **Set Location** - Set the GPS location using coordinates or by dropping a pin on the map. <br/> **Camera Injection** - Opens the **Camera Injection** window. See [Camera Image Injection](/mobile-apps/features/camera-image-injection) for more information.<br/> **Biometric Injection** - Opens the [Biometric Authentication](/mobile-apps/features/biometric-authentication) window. <br/> **Performance mode On/Off** - Enables you to increase framerate per second, or switch back to lower framerate video streaming, when your network connection or VPN is restrictive and you experience blurred screen.   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/more-device-options-icon.png')} alt="More Device Options icon" width="35"/>       | More Device Options | **Set Location** - Set the GPS location using coordinates or by dropping a pin on the map. <br/> **Camera Injection** - Opens the **Camera Injection** window. See [Camera Image Injection](/mobile-apps/features/camera-image-injection) for more information.<br/> **Biometric Injection** - Opens the [Biometric Authentication](/mobile-apps/features/biometric-authentication) window. <br/> **Performance mode On/Off** - Enables you to increase frame rate per second, or switch back to lower frame rate video streaming, when your network connection or VPN is restrictive and you experience blurred screen.   |
```

| Icon                                                                                                 | Name         | Description                                                                                                                                                                                             |
| :--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- | :----------- | :------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------ |
| <img src={useBaseUrl('img/live-testing/log-level.png')} alt="Log Level" width="85"/>                 | Log Level    | <ul><li>VERBOSE </li><li>DEBUG </li><li>INFO </li><li>WARN </li><li>ERROR </li><li>ASSERT </li></ul>                                                                                                    |

> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68342451/236323299-3e75d296-a6ec-4130-b131-e9c901c43429.png">                 | [App Log](/mobile-apps/features/mobile-app-diagnostics/app-logs/)    | <ul><li>VERBOSE </li><li>DEBUG </li><li>INFO </li><li>WARN </li><li>ERROR </li><li>ASSERT </li></ul>                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: The image should be added to the `static/img` folder and the img src (`<img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68342451/236323299-3e75d296-a6ec-4130-b131-e9c901c43429.png">`) should be updated.

> | <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68342451/236323299-3e75d296-a6ec-4130-b131-e9c901c43429.png">                 | [App Log](https://docs.saucelabs.com/mobile-apps/features/mobile-app-diagnostics/app-logs/)    | <ul><li>VERBOSE </li><li>DEBUG </li><li>INFO </li><li>WARN </li><li>ERROR </li><li>ASSERT </li></ul>                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <img src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/68342451/236323299-3e75d296-a6ec-4130-b131-e9c901c43429.png">                 | [App Log](/mobile-apps/features/mobile-app-diagnostics/app-logs/)    | <ul><li>VERBOSE </li><li>DEBUG </li><li>INFO </li><li>WARN </li><li>ERROR </li><li>ASSERT </li></ul>                                                                                                    |
```
